
- `days_lower` (default `250`): don't adjust the scheduling for cards that would (without this) addon get an interval of equal/less than ___ days:
- `days_upper` (default `360`): full reduction for cards that would (without this) addon get an interval of equal/more than ___ days (very mature). Intervals in between "days_lower" and "days_upper" are decreased in a linear way.
- `reduce_to` (default `80`): in percent, full reduction means reduce the interval that would (without this) addon be applied to  ___ %
- `ease_min` (default `150`): In general this add-on changes the scheduler for cards with an interval that's larger than `days_upper`. You can disable this modification for cards that have very low ease values. If you use a reduction to 75% for very mature cards and apply this to a card that has an ease value of 130% the next interval would only be 97,5% if you press good. This is too low. I like a Anki's settings for minimal interval growth so I divide the loweast ease value Anki allows (130) by `redcue to` and get 150. You might want to further increase this value if you use a an interval modifier that's much lower than 100. To effectivly disable it set it to a very low value like "0" (not False) A verbose name for this variable would be "use_unmodified_scheduler_for_very_mature_cards_if_ease_lower_equal_to"
- `ease_max` (default `350`): If you often press "easy" or start with a high value for "initial ease" you might end up with very mature cards that have very big ease ratings. For thease an interval reduction by `reduce_to` might not suffice. To disable this option set it to a very high value like 9999 (not False). A verbose name for this variable would be "for_very_mature_cards_ignore_ease_values_over_x_and_apply_the_follwing_value/multiplicator"
- `delay_percentage` (default is `100`) delay handling: If you review late Anki calculates the next interval based on the actual prior interval, not the scheduled one. But Anki doesn't always use the full actual interval = the full delay. This is only done for the easy button, for the good button half of the delay is used and for the hard button a quarter of the delay is used. This might be too aggressive for very mature cards. So you can set a modifier that only a fraction of the actual delay is used for the computations that Anki  performs for hard/good/easy. By default this option is disabled = the modifier is set to 100%.
